west: runner: introduce rtkprog (#111602)
zephyrproject-rtos/zephyr: doc/develop/flash_debug/host-tools.rst

For more about the UF2 format and its tooling, see `USB Flashing Format (UF2)`_.

.. _runner_rtkprog:

Realtek Alternate Flash Programmer (rtkprog)
********************************************

> ``rtkprog`` is an open source implementation of the protocol needed to flash Realtek RTL87x2x

Reviewer: ```suggestion
``rtkprog`` is an open source implementation of the protocol needed to flash Realtek Bee family SoCs.
```

Author: Thanks, fixed
